Docs update 12 (#2548)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/references/configuration_options_reference.md

- `--profiler_append=somefile.txt` - Send the profiling messages to file and leave the existing contents appending new data. See the [User Guide page on profiling](../user-guide/advanced_topics/profiling.md) for further details.
- `--time_monitor=` - Specify the name of the federate to monitor the time from and generate periodic log messages in the broker as the federate updates its time.
- `--time_monitor_period=` - can only be used with `--time_monitor`, set the minimum time period which must elapse in simulation before another log message from the time monitor is generated
- `--disable_timer` - Disables all timeout in broker operation
- `--debugging` - Equivalent to `--slow_responding --disable_timer`
- `--logbuffer` - Enable buffering recent log messages for retrieval with the "logs" query. Optionally specify the size of the circular log buffer; defaults to 10 messages if no size is supplied.
- `--allow_remote_control` - Enables the broker to respond to certain remote commands such as "disconnect"

> - `--dynamic` - Allow for dynamic federations where federates can join after the co-simulation has begun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--dynamic` - Allow for dynamic federations where federates can join after the co-simulation has begun.  This capability is disabled by default.
```

    },
```

## Translator Options

> Translators are used to bridge the gap between the value and message interfaces allowing publications to be sent to endpoints and endpoints to be published out as values. Each translator has one input, one publication (output), and one endpoint that any other federates can connect to. Further details can be found on the [documentation page covering translators](../user-guide/advanced_topics/translators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translators are used to bridge the gap between the value and message interfaces allowing publications to be sent to endpoints and endpoint messages to be sent to inputs as values. A translator functions as publication, input, and endpoint that other interfaces including filters can connect to. Further details can be found on the [documentation page covering translators](../user-guide/advanced_topics/translators).
```

Connects the specified publication to the translator's input or adds the translator's endpoint as a destination for all messages coming from the specified endpoint.

---

### `destination_targets` | `destinationtargets` | `destinationTargets` []

_API:_ `helicsTranslatorAddInputTarget`
[C++](https://docs.helics.org/en/latest/doxygen/classhelics_1_1Translator.html)
| [C]()
| [Python](https://python.helics.org/api/capi-py/#helicsTranslatorAddInputTarget)
| [Julia](https://julia.helics.org/latest/api/#HELICS.helicsTranslatorAddInputTarget-Tuple{HELICS.Translator,%20String})

or

_API:_ `helicsTranslatorAddDestinationEndpoint`
[C++](https://docs.helics.org/en/latest/doxygen/classhelics_1_1Translator.html)
| [C]()
| [Python](https://python.helics.org/api/capi-py/#helicsTranslatorAddDestinationEndpoint)
| [Julia](https://julia.helics.org/latest/api/#HELICS.helicsTranslatorAddDestinationEndpoint-Tuple{HELICS.Translator,%20String})

Connects the specified input to the translator's publication (output) or adds the specified endpoint as a destination for all messages coming from the translator's endpoint.

---

## Profiling

> HELICS 2.8 and v3.0.1 have a profiling capability that allows users to measure the time spent waiting for HELICS to grant it time and how much time is spent executing native code. These measurements are the foundation to understanding how to improve computation performance in a federation. Further details are provided in the [Profiling page in the User Guide.](../user-guide/advanced_topics/profiling.md) When enabling profiling at the federate level there are a few APIs that can be utilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HELICS has a profiling capability that allows users to measure the time spent waiting for HELICS to grant it time and how much time is spent executing native code. These measurements are the foundation to understanding how to improve computation performance in a federation. Further details are provided in the [Profiling page in the User Guide.](../user-guide/advanced_topics/profiling.md) When enabling profiling at the federate level there are a few APIs that can be utilized.
```
